Adds support for running the Vote Extensions Size testnet (#19)
cometbft/qa-infra: README.md

[`testnet.toml`](./testnet.toml) file appropriately:

1. Set up your [personal access token for DO](https://docs.digitalocean.com/reference/api/create-personal-access-token/)

    ```bash
    doctl auth init
    ```

>     If you have previously used another token, you may need to force the use of the one you just generated here.

Reviewer: Could you add something like "In this case, you might be able to skip directly to step 5."

>     If you have previously used another token, you may need to force the use of the one you just generated here.

Author: ```suggestion
    If you have executed this and the following steps before, you may be able to skip to step 5.
    And if your token expired, you may need to force the use of the one you just generated here by using `doctl auth init -t <new token>` instead.
```
